TINY-6050: Added table_use_colgroups to documentation. (#1679)
tinymce/tinymce-docs: plugins/table.md

});
```

> ### `table_use_colgroups`

Reviewer: Just realised this is missing the `{{ site.requires_5_5v }}` note sorry Hannes. eg:

```
### `table_use_colgroups`

{{ site.requires_5_5v }}

This option allows you to set whether `colgroup`s should be added to new tables created by the table plugin. Tables inserted by other means, or already existing tables, will not be changed.
```

> This option allows you to set the default type of new tables created by the table plugin to use colgroups. Tables inserted by other means, or already existing tables, will not be changed.

Reviewer: This doesn't read very well, as it mentions "default type" but then that isn't explaining that it's for `colgroups` until the end of the sentence. Maybe something like this instead?
```suggestion
This option allows you to set whether `colgroup`s should be added to new tables created by the table plugin. Tables inserted by other means, or already existing tables, will not be changed.
```

Author: Seems quite sensible. I'll make the change.

Reviewer 2: fixed in https://github.com/tinymce/tinymce-docs/pull/1679/commits/dcb92c09d3fbeffeeabe745dd5699886454b2523

});
```

### `table_use_colgroups`

{{ site.requires_5_5v }}

> This option allows you to set whether `colgroup`s should be added to new tables created by the table plugin. Tables inserted by other means, or already existing tables, will not be changed.

Reviewer 3: I'd like to take the approach of talking about this like "allows you to use colgroups/cols for columns widths" because technically there's other things you can do with colgroups/cols in HTML but YMMV with TinyMCE (e.g. browsers seem to not support the `span` attr on `col` elements very well, but some styling stuff may work) especially since the only thing that works via our UI is column widths. 

Also, we may tag this as experimental. Need to check with stakeholders.

Reviewer 2: after a quick discussion, we have decided not to mark this as experimental and we have documented the limitations of the feature.

});
```

### `table_use_colgroups`

{{ site.requires_5_5v }}

> This option adds `colgroups` and `cols` elements to new tables for specifying column widths. Existing tables and tables added using `setContent` or paste are unaffected.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This option adds `colgroup` and `col` elements to new tables for specifying column widths. Existing tables and tables added using `setContent` or paste are unaffected.
```

> This option allows you to use colgroups/cols for columns widths for new tables created by the table plugin. Tables inserted by other means, or already existing tables, will not be changed.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This option adds `colgroups` and `cols` elements to new tables for specifying column widths. Existing tables and tables added using `setContent` or paste are unaffected.
```

Reviewer 3: Should be `colgroup` and `col` elements I think? Those are the actual names.

Reviewer 2: I fixed this in https://github.com/tinymce/tinymce-docs/pull/1679/commits/0cee6158f721b9b97725ed81ec56a53b03ab8dba after I realised that :slightly_smiling_face:

});
```

### `table_use_colgroups`

{{ site.requires_5_5v }}

This option adds `colgroup` and `col` elements to new tables for specifying column widths. Existing tables and tables added using `setContent` or paste are not affected.

> {{site.productname}} only supports the `width` attribute on `col` elements. Other attributes are not supported, such as the `span` attribute.

Reviewer 4: span attribute?

Reviewer 4: oh col span
